create verifiability docs (#229)
dedis/d-voting: docs/verifiability_doc.md

# vote verifiability

## Introduction

> Verifiability is an important property to allows voters to check their vote has been cast unaltered, and that it has been registered correctly in the electronic ballot box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiability is an important property that enables a voter to check that their vote has been cast unaltered, and that it has been registered correctly in the electronic ballot box.

```

> The current d-voting (version num) didn't have this design yet. The current encrypted ballot logic is shown as follows:

Reviewer: What is `(version num)`? Before merging it would be nice to add it.

```mermaid
 sequenceDiagram
    autonumber
    participant User
    participant Backend
    participant NodeX
    participant NodeY
    User ->>+ NodeX: GET election info
    NodeX ->>- User: Return election info.
    User ->>+ Backend: POST /api/evoting/elections/<electionId>
    Note over User: data: {"Ballot": ...}
    Note over User: encrypt ballot via Elgamal encryption using electionPubKey
    Note over User, Backend: data = encrypted ballot
    Note over Backend: check role and sign payload.
    Note over Backend: add userID inside payload.
    Note over Backend: sign = kyber.sign.schnorr.sign(edCurve, scalar, hash);
    Backend ->>+ NodeX: POST /evoting/elections/
    Note over Backend, NodeX: data: {"Payload": dataStrB64, "Signature": ""}
    Note over NodeX: verify and execute, then boardcast 
    NodeX ->> NodeY: boardcase via gRPC
    NodeX ->>- Backend: 200 OK text/plain
    Backend ->>- User: 200 OK text/plain
```

> As the picture show, the Frontend will encrypt the ballot using Elgamal encryption which has a nondeterministic result and then sends it to the Backend to verify and sign. After that, the backend will send the encrypted + signed ballot to the blockchain node to put it on the chain. However, since the encryption is nondeterministic thus the user will not able to verify their casted ballot stored in the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the picture shows, the frontend encrypts the ballot using Elgamal encryption which has a nondeterministic result and then sends it to the backend to verify and sign. After that, the backend sends the encrypted + signed ballot to the blockchain node to put it on the chain. However, since the encryption is nondeterministic the user will not able to verify their casted ballot stored in the node.

```

In this document, we aim to design an implementation to achieve verifiability of the voters' encrypted vote without leaking ballot information to others.

## Requirements

> The voter should able to verify their encrypted ballot in Frontend.

Reviewer: Stick to one notation: either Frontend/Backend or frontend/backend.

> The encrypted vote remain confidentiality from others.

Reviewer: Please be careful: the third singular person ends with 's', so here `The encrypted vote remains confidential from others`.  Also, others who? Everyone? It would be nice to specify a bit more the requirements/threat model.
